Add initial Online conference prospectus. (#1235)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2020/sponsors/online-prospectus.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

Online Sponsorship Prospectus
#############################

.. contents:: Sections
   :local:
   :depth: 1
   :backlinks: none

Introduction
============

Welcome to our brand new **Online Conference Sponsorship Prospectus**.
This document has been adapted from the original :doc:`prospectus` for our Portland 2020 conference to reflect the virtual conference,
including new benefits and increased value across our community.

We're excited to work with the organizations in our community to build the best possible event in 2020.
In particular, we would love your feedback on sponsorship levels and benefits.
We expanded the offerings and introduced a lot of new things,
but please let us know if there are other points of interaction with our community that would be valuable for you.

Concept
=======

{% include "conf/sponsorship/concept.rst" %}

Demographics
============

{% include "conf/sponsorship/demographics.rst" %}

Why Sponsor
===========

{% include "conf/sponsorship/why.rst" %}

Sponsorship Packages
====================

The following options are suggested sponsorship levels. We are happy to discuss adjustments and custom packages.

> .. warning:: This is a draft prospectus and is subject to change.

Reviewer: This warning doesn't actually render nicely.

![Screenshot 2020-05-10 at 18 15 09](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/98594/81504544-440e1e80-92ea-11ea-84a0-460b053334bb.png)

Author: Yea, the annoyances of not using a proper Sphinx theme.

Author: We can remove them since I'm about to merge 👍

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

Online Sponsorship Prospectus
#############################

.. contents:: Sections
   :local:
   :depth: 1
   :backlinks: none

Introduction
============

Welcome to our brand new **Online Conference Sponsorship Prospectus**.

> This document has been updated from the original :doc:`prospectus` for our Portland 2020 conference,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document has been adapted from the original :doc:`prospectus` for our Portland 2020 conference to reflect the virtual conference,
```

> including new benefits and expanded value across our community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
including new benefits and increased value across our community.
```

We're excited to work with the organizations in our community to build the best possible event in 2020.
In particular, we would love your feedback on sponsorship levels and benefits.

> We've expanded the offerings and have introduced a lot of new things,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We expanded the offerings and introduced a lot of new things,
```

but please let us know if there are other points of interaction with our community that would be valuable for you.

Concept
=======

{% include "conf/sponsorship/concept.rst" %}

Demographics
============

{% include "conf/sponsorship/demographics.rst" %}

Why Sponsor
===========

{% include "conf/sponsorship/why.rst" %}

Sponsorship Packages
====================

The following options are suggested sponsorship levels. We are happy to discuss adjustments and custom packages.

.. warning:: This is a draft prospectus and is subject to change.

Second Draft
------------

> The **Second Draft** package is great for companies looking to hire or promote a product.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Second Draft** package is great for companies looking to hire or to promote a product.
```

- **Increased** Three (3) tickets_
- **Increased** Two (2) featured job postings on our Job Board, also promoted in our newsletter ({{ newsletter_subs }} subscribers)

> - **Increased** A short description and logo (200 words) of your company on the conference website

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Increased** A short description (200 words) and logo of your company on the conference website
```

- A table at our **virtual job fair**
- Name included in welcome announcement in email newsletters and social media

The **Second Draft** package costs **{{sponsorship.second_draft.price}}**.

Publisher
---------

The **Publisher** package is great for sending a team and getting to know the community.

- **Increased** Seven (7) tickets_
- **Increased** Four (4) featured job postings on our Job Board, also promoted in our newsletter ({{ newsletter_subs }} subscribers)

> - **Increased** A short description and logo (200 words) of your company on the conference website

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Increased** A short description (200 words) and logo of your company on the conference website
```

- A table at our **virtual job fair**
- Name included in welcome announcement in email newsletters and social media
- **New** A small logo on all Write the Docs website pages for 3 months

The **Publisher** package costs **{{sponsorship.publisher.price}}**.

Patron
------

**Limit 3**

The **Patron** package highlights your company as a force in the industry and community:

- **Increased** Thirteen (13) tickets_
- **Increased** Seven (7) featured job postings on our Job Board, also promoted in our newsletter ({{ newsletter_subs }} subscribers)

> - **Increased** A medium description and logo (500 words) of your company on the conference website

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Increased** A medium description (500 words) and logo of your company on the conference website
```

- A **virtual sponsorship booth**
- A featured table at our **virtual job fair**

> - Small logo included in intermission slides and on talk videos

Reviewer 2: Not sure about the "on talk videos" here, do you mean like a watermark on the corner of the video? I think intermission slides is enough, or maybe on the closing slide that we can fade to after the video is finished. Feels wrong to force continuous sponsorship logos in the talk videos themselves...

Author: This is the same as previous years, where we have the logo slide on the talk videos with sponsor logos.

- Name included in welcome announcement in email newsletters and social media
- **New** 5 minute sponsored lightning talk on main stage of the conference

> - **New** One newsletter sponsorship (logo & 300 words) to our newsletter ({{ newsletter_subs }}+ subscribers)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **New** One newsletter sponsorship (logo & 300 words) in our newsletter ({{ newsletter_subs }}+ subscribers)
```

- **New** A logo on all Write the Docs website pages until the end of 2020. (30,000 pageviews/mo)

> - **New** A :doc:`small ad </sponsorship/website>` on the Write the Docs website (240x180px, 180 characters, 10,000 pageviews/mo) for 3 months

Reviewer: Maybe say "Write the Docs home page" instead of "Write the Docs website"? I assume that's what it means, as the pageviews are quite different.

Author: This would be on any of our non-conference website pages. I think more clarity is probably needed on the number being the amount you get, not the total that we receive.

Reviewer 3: So do we want to say

> A small ad to be displayed on a single page of the WTD website, of your choice? (subject to availability)?

Author: No, it's across all pages in the sidebar, like the current sponsor promo.

Reviewer 3: :+1: right

> - **New** A :doc:`small ad </sponsorship/website>` on the Write the Docs website (240x180px, 180 characters, 10,000 pageviews/mo) for 3 months

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **New** A :doc:`small ad </sponsorship/website>` displayed on all non-conferences pages of the Write the Docs website (240x180px, 180 characters, 10,000 pageviews/mo) for 3 months.
```

The **Patron** package costs **{{sponsorship.patron.price}}**.

Keystone
--------

:strike:`Limit 1` - **Sold Out**

The **Keystone** package highlights you as our main community partner:

- **Increased** Twenty (20) tickets_
- **Increased** Ten (10) featured job postings on our Job Board, also promoted in our newsletter ({{ newsletter_subs }} subscribers)

> - **Increased** A large description and logo (750 words) of your company on the conference website

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Increased** A large description (750 words) and logo of your company on the conference website
```

- A featured **virtual sponsorship booth**
- A featured table at our **virtual job fair**

> - Large logo included in intermission slides and on talk videos

Reviewer 2: Same question as Patron level (re/watermark or closing slide)

- Name included in welcome announcement in email newsletters and social media
- **New** 5 minute sponsored lightning talk on main stage of the conference

> - **New** Two newsletter sponsorships (logo & 300 words) to our newsletter ({{ newsletter_subs }}+ subscribers)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **New** Two newsletter sponsorships (logo & 300 words) in our newsletter ({{ newsletter_subs }}+ subscribers)
```

- **New** A logo on all Write the Docs website pages until the end of 2020. (30,000 pageviews/mo)
- **New** A :doc:`small ad </sponsorship/website>` on the Write the Docs website (240x180px, 180 characters, 10,000 pageviews/mo) for 3 months

The **Keystone** package costs **{{sponsorship.keystone.price}}**.

.. warning:: This is a draft prospectus and is subject to change.

Other Sponsorship Opportunities
===============================

The following a la carte offerings are available either independently or
combined with one of the previous packages to increase visibility at the event.

Opportunity Grants
------------------

Provide additional money for our Opportunity Grant program,
which provides funding for people to attend the conference.

**{{sponsorship.second_draft.price}}**

Additionally, for **{{sponsorship.publisher.price}}** we will offer exclusive sponsorship of our Opportunity Grant program.
Please talk to us about this soon,

> as this option is removed once we have secured any sponsors for this benefit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as this option is removed once we have secured the required funding for this benefit.
```

Benefits
~~~~~~~~

* Your sponsor logo will be shown on the stage during all staff presentations as a grant sponsor (opening, closing). 
* We will mention your company as a grant sponsor on Twitter from the official Write the Docs account

Writing Day
-----------

Sponsor the Writing Day on Sunday, where we get together to help improve the documentation of many projects.

> This is great for any company that is looking for contributors to their open source projects.

Reviewer 2: Should we make it explicit that companies are only allowed to source contributors for open-source projects (as opposed to internal/proprietary projects)?

Author: I don't think we make that explicit, really. People are often happy to work on company projects if it interests them, so I'm fine giving folks agency.

**{{sponsorship.second_draft.price}}**

- **Logistics**: The Writing Day is during the day Sunday.

Inquiries
=========

Please direct all inquiries to our sponsorship team at:

- sponsorship@writethedocs.org

Payment
=======

> We expect all invoices to be paid **within 30 days of invoice receipt**, as many
> of our expenses must be paid up front.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Invoices must be paid **within 30 days of invoice receipt**, or no later than one (1) week before the virtual conference.
```

Reviewer 2: Not much in terms of upfront costs for a virtual event ;)
